Madam is quite attentive to him
If he knew
It was the old lady who killed this Shen Guiying with her own hands
And left him in this wilderness
Will the lady be angry?
I mean are you stupid?
madam
He worked hard for 20 years to find his biological mother
Can you be as good as this impostor?
Hurry up
Mom, you're awake
How are you
I doubt it.
Zhao Xiangru, in order to completely replace your identity
Dial you to start
So I've been investigating
Just outside the champion
Got evidence that they want to imitate you
Oh mom
What are you doing?
I've been looking for my daughter for 20 years
I can't watch that poisonous woman harm my daughter
For my daughter
I would like to die
Mom, don't worry.
Meng Jie, he was just blinded by that poisonous woman for a while
Three days later.
He's going to have a birthday party at the solemn Zhang Xianglong
Let's go together then
I will definitely help you prove it.
You are Meng Jie's biological mother